Add `IdMessageReader` (#91)
yiisoft/translator: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.0.1 under development

> - New #91: Add `IdMessageReader` that returns ID as message and don't support receiving all messages (@vjik)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New #91: Add `IdMessageReader` that returns ID as message and doesn't support getting all messages at once (@vjik)
```
